BUG: loc setitem with missing integer slices does not raise (#30921)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.0.rst

- :meth:`MultiIndex.get_loc` can't find missing values when input includes missing values (:issue:`19132`)
- Bug in :meth:`Series.__setitem__` incorrectly assigning values with boolean indexer when the length of new data matches the number of ``True`` values and new data is not a ``Series`` or an ``np.array`` (:issue:`30567`)
- Bug in indexing with a :class:`PeriodIndex` incorrectly accepting integers representing years, use e.g. ``ser.loc["2007"]`` instead of ``ser.loc[2007]`` (:issue:`30763`)

> - Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.loc.__setitem__` and :meth:`Series.loc.__setitem__` not raising error when given integer slice does not exist in index (:issue:`26412`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.loc.__setitem__` and :meth:`Series.loc.__setitem__` not raising error when given integer slice that do not exist in index (:issue:`26412`)
```
